hello people today I'm going to show you
how to farm change your computer's IP
location and basically that's kind of
like a peroxy surface and many of you
don't know this is useful from when you
want to keep your internet privacy and
when you want to download stuff from the
Pirate Bay it's very useful to use this
as they can't tell your real IP address
okay so if you click the first link in
the description it'll bring you to a
page like this there is a few lists of
these proxies so I'm going to teach you
how to use one of them now programs what
they do is they have a huge list of
proxies maybe two hundred thousand maybe
two million I really don't know but a
lot and what they do is automatically
change your proxy every one minute or so
so a lot of people can't find this kind
of programs or usually get they cost
money so I'm going to teach you guys how
to do it manually but it will not
automatically change all right so when
you brought to this page you're going to
choose an anonymous proxy um make sure
it's not miss and um
you're gonna choose one that's really
far away from you so they're really
confused the authorities will be very
confused and you're gonna copy that um
the number okay then you go to Firefox
you go to preferences this works for PCs
and Macs I don't know where the PCs
preferences are then you go to advanced
you go to network go to settings um you
can press manual proxy configuration and
you're gonna just paste that and you're
gonna remember this number 3 128 which
is already here for me and once you've
done that you're ready to go now a few
side effects with this didn't want to go
to google.com you're gonna notice a few
very funny things okay my computer
tricked itself it made itself believe
that it was actually in Turkey or
wherever my proxy was which is pretty
funny um no I think this is Russian hey
this is Russian um so um at know this
this is Bulgaria so what my computer
actually tricked itself and if you try
to search something on Google sometimes
it might not work
as you can see or if you want to gain
access to that you can simply just do
this turn type timing right I guess and
then you have access to it the only
reason they do that is cuz they really
think it's strange that you're trying to
confuse Google since google has nothing
against you um so that's all you need to
do and you'll notice this for a lot of
multi-language sites this is YouTube
yahoo and google but it's fine you just
have to change the language so i hope
that helped you guys should it helped me
as you can see i am downloading the
newest version of mac which which costs
a hundred dollars for free and i find it
really easy just to do it anonymously
alright so I hope that video helped you
guys I know help me if you like this vid
and you want to UM get more free beds
like these to subscribe and I'll be
happy to make them alright thanks for
watching see you later oh yeah in just
in case if you didn't know how to get it
back just simply go to the advanced and
the preferences for Firefox go to
settings again go to network you know
where you were where you input all the
stuff and I'm just a sec go to network
settings and you know where it says
manual proxy configuration just press
Auto detect proxy settings for this
network or no proxy and then you'll have
your old internet back
um you guys stop I say yeah that's it um
this out